c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\determinatriangulo.exe.config
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\determinatriangulo.exe
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\determinatriangulo.pdb
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\obj\Debug\determinatriangulo.exe
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\obj\Debug\determinatriangulo.pdb
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\determinatriangulo\obj\Debug\teste.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\teste.exe.config
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\teste.exe
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\teste.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\obj\Debug\teste.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\obj\Debug\teste.exe
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\determinatriangulo\teste\obj\Debug\teste.pdb
